docs: SpaceShooter tutorial step 3 (#2919)
flame-engine/flame: doc/tutorials/space_shooter/step_3.md

simple, take a look on how the component will look like now:

```dart
class Player extends SpriteAnimationComponent
    with HasGameReference<SpaceShooterGame> {
  @override
  Future<void> onLoad() async {
    await super.onLoad();

    animation = await game.loadSpriteAnimation(
      'player.png',
      SpriteAnimationData.sequenced(
        amount: 4,
        stepTime: .2,
        textureSize: Vector2(32, 48),
      ),
    );

    position = game.size / 2;
    width = 100;
    height = 150;
    anchor = Anchor.center;
  }

  // Other methods omitted
}
```

So lets break down the changes:

- First we changed our `Player` component to extend from `SpriteAnimationComponent` instead of
`SpriteComponent`
- In the `onLoad` method we are now using the `game.loadSpriteAnimation` helper instead of the
 `loadSprite` one, and setting the `animation` attribute with its returned value.

The `SpriteAnimationData` class might look complicated at first glance, but it is actually quite
simple, note how we used the `sequenced` constructor, which is a helper to load animation images
where the frames are already layed down in the sequence that they will play, then:

> - `amount` defines how many frames that animation have, in this case `4`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `amount` defines how many frames the animation has, in this case `4`
```

- `stepTime` is the time in seconds that each frame will be rendered, before it gets replaced

> to the next one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the next one.
```

- `textureSize` is the size in pixels which defines each frame of the image.

> With all of these information, the `SpriteAnimationComponent` will now automatically play the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all of this information, the `SpriteAnimationComponent` will now automatically play the
```

animation!

Now lets add some depth and energy to our game background. Of course there are many ways of

> doing so, in this tutorial we will explore the idea of the parallax scrolling. If you never heard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
doing so, in this tutorial we will explore the idea of parallax scrolling. If you never heard
```

> about it, it consist in a technique where background images move past the camera with different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about it, it consist of a technique where background images move past the camera with different
```

speeds, this not only creates the sensation of depth but also improve a lot the movement feeling

> of the game. If you want to read more about Parallax Scrolling, check this article

Reviewer: "but also improves the movement feeling of the game a lot."

Couldn't add multiline suggestion on the phone

from [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallax_scrolling).

> Flame provide classes to implement parallax scrolling out of the box, them being `Parallax` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame provides classes to implement parallax scrolling out of the box, these classes are `Parallax` and
```

> `ParallaxComponent`, so lets take a look how we can add that new feature to the game:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ParallaxComponent`, so lets take a look at how we can add that new feature to the game:
```

```dart
class SpaceShooterGame extends FlameGame with PanDetector {
  late Player player;

  @override
  Future<void> onLoad() async {
    final parallax = await loadParallaxComponent(
      [
        ParallaxImageData('stars_0.png'),
        ParallaxImageData('stars_1.png'),
        ParallaxImageData('stars_2.png'),
      ],
      baseVelocity: Vector2(0, -5),
      repeat: ImageRepeat.repeat,
      velocityMultiplierDelta: Vector2(0, 5),
    );
    add(parallax);

    player = Player();
    add(player);
  }

  @override
  void onPanUpdate(DragUpdateInfo info) {
    player.move(info.delta.global);
  }
}
```

Looking at the code above we notice that we are now using the `loadParallaxComponent` helper
method from the `FlameGame` class to directly load a `ParallaxComponent` and add it to our game.

> The arguments used there goes a follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments used there are as follows:
```

- The first argument is a positional one, which should be a list of `ParallaxData`s. There are a

> couple of types do `ParallaxData`s in Flame, in this tutorial we are using the `ParallaxImageData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
couple of types of `ParallaxData`s in Flame, in this tutorial we are using the `ParallaxImageData`
```

> which describe a layer in the parallax scrolling effect that is an `image`. This list will tell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which describes a layer in the parallax scrolling effect that is an `image`. This list will tell
```

> Flame all the layers that we want in our parallax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame about all the layers that we want in our parallax.
```

- `baseVelocity` is the base value for all the values, so by passing a `Vector2(0, -5)` to it
means that the slower of the layers will move at 0 pixels per second on the `x` axis and `-5`
pixels per second on the `y` axis.
- Finally `velocityMultiplierDelta` is a vector that is applied to the base value for each layer,

> and in our example the multiplication rate is `5` only on the `y` axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and in our example the multiplication rate is `5` on only the `y` axis.
```

> Give it a try running the game now, you will notice that it looks way more dynamic now, giving a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give it a try by running the game now, you will notice that it looks way more dynamic now, giving a
```

> more convince feeling to the player that the spaceship is really crossing the stars!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more convincing feeling to the player that the spaceship is really crossing the stars!
```
